# Snippet Zone

This repository contains unsorted source code, and is used for experimentation purposes.

Codes are here and not somewhere else because of at least one of these reasons :

* They are highly unsafe, unsorted, undocumented, or feature incomplete
* They are too small to go into a dedicated repository
* They are currently not part of any useful project
* They are general purpose libraries / functions / API I'm using in multiple projects
* They are things that I took from somewhere else and I keep a copy here because it has some value or by simplicity of retrieval, e.g. forums, freewares, free/Open source code, etc.

All code here is free to use unless specified otherwise, but if you are using something from here in your projects, please be polite and tell me. I would be glad to know that you found something useful to you, and what changes you made to make it even better.
Thank you.


# Subprojects summary

## [Chenc: change encoding](cpp/chenc/readme.md)
*Language: C, Year: 2011*  
Change encoding of text files.

## [BASS++](cpp/bass++/readme.md)
*Language: C++17, Year: 2019*  
An interface to ease the use of the [BASS library](http://un4seen.com/) in C++.

## [TCPStream](cpp/tcpstream/readme.md)
*Langauge: C++17, Year: 2019*  
Use TCP sockets with a C++ style I/O stream interface.
Basic SSL/TLS support via LibreTLS.

## [Markdown](php/markdown/readme.md)
*Language: PHP, Year: 2014*
A very simple markdown-to-HTML compiler using regular expressions.  

## [QCLib](java/QCLib/readme.md)
*Language: Java 6, Year: 2012*  
A collection of various Java classes.

## [MidiText](java/MidiText/readme.md)
*Language: Java 6, Year: 2012*  
The old version of MidiText, a program to create MIDI songs using a simple text-based language like ABC. Outdated Swing UI.

## [Mudist](cpp/mudist/readme.md)
*Language: C++11, Year: 2015*  
A very simple mud client with lua scripting support.

## [BGT Unpack](cpp/bgtunpack/readme.md)
*Language: C, Year: 2014*  
Unpack game archives generated by [Blastbays Game Toolkit](http://www.blastbays.com/), including those embedded in the executables.

## [Isnewer](cpp/isnewer/readme.md)
*Language: C, Year: 2012*  
Check if one file is newer than another one in windows batch scripts.

## [CPU Usage](cpp/cpuusage/readme.md)
*Language: C, Year: 2009*  
Simple code to determine the current CPU usage of a windows program.  

## [FileSlice](cpp/fileslice/readme.md)
*Language: C, Year: 2011*  
Easily take a slice of a file.
